[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Namo Nam
BiBi [Music] [Applause] [Music]
Namo Nam Di Di Qua Dem
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
A single being,
an extraordinary person
appearing in
this world
for the benefit of the many, for the happiness of the
few, for compassion, for goodness,
for the benefit of the gods and  Humanity,
who is that person,
who is that person?
Oh, it is
Buddha Shakyamuni,
holding the
Buddha Shakyamuni's lute
[Applause] The Autumn Fragrance
Forest, Buddha Shakyamuni's lute, please
stop,
Buddha Shakyamuni, what kind of group is this
for the happiness of the east wind?
[Applause]
For the happiness of all beings, Namo Nam Ky Vien Vo Uu Tho, the
original teacher, Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Nam
Ky I,
[Music] lute, please stop,
sad mist, Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Nam
Phi
Hien, sến, Original Teacher,
Shakyamuni
Buddha
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] The
radiant Southern Heaven, music, Heavenly light,
resounding, a myriad of joyful songs, Bodhisattva,
protector of the sky, about to be born in the Saha world.
I have arrived, the karmic connections, calling the rain of
ancient India, ancient
people, the final conclusion, is
n't it joyful?
[Music]
Because the beauty queen brings out fading love, there is humanity,
blood, fat, the days of birth, the
beautiful dawn, nurturing the forest, the distant spring, the harmonious
voice of angels, the Bodhi
tree, enlightenment, grown tall, the cuckoo
[Music]
Look, the legendary chariot, inviting the heavenly court,
Bodhisattva, protector of the sky, lute  Born in the Saha world,
anger and love for one's child, then returns to the prince
[music]
joy is the completion of verse 8. The karmic connection, the race,
God, Bodhisattva, protection, mindfulness, birth,
saving the suffering of the Saha world,
Prince Siddhartha, Buddha
Shakyamuni, having the cause, swallowing the heavenly betel nut, Bodhisattva, protection, opposite mindfulness,
riding a bicycle, saving the Saha world, Prince
Siddhartha
transcends the world
[music]
[Applause]
Yes, once again, please let my husband give
a big round of applause
to the singers, actors and dancers,
especially the children in
our Rahula Club today
[music]
We respectfully address the
Venerable High Monks, the Great Monks and Nuns, and the
distinguished delegates and
Buddhist followers. On the full moon of April,
more than 2,600 years ago, in the
ancient city of Catilave
in the Lumbini Garden of the ancient Indian kingdom, a
prince named Siddhartha was born, who later
became the greatest religious leader and teacher
in human history.
[music]  [Music]
[Music] The
appearance and enlightenment of the Buddha brought
to the world a profound and
wondrous teaching with the principle of peace, resolving
hatred, and living in equality and love for
one another. Humanity unites to walk the
Noble Eightfold Path to
contribute to building world peace.
[Music]
World the particular andros
equality. And in the fourth lunar month every
year, the Buddha's birthday is
celebrated by Buddhists around the world to express
gratitude and joy at the
birth of Shakyamuni Buddha, the
bearer of the miraculous light of the Buddha's teachings,
bringing happiness to humans, gods, and all
living beings.
[Music]
With deep respect and gratitude
from the children of Buddha, on the anniversary of the
founding of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we
organize a cultural night to
celebrate the Buddha's birthday,
Buddhist calendar 2567, Gregorian calendar 2023, to
praise the noble birth of the Buddha
and his grace.
[Music]
Zing MP3,
in that spirit, we  We respectfully request that all
Venerable Monks and the entire
congregation wholeheartedly offer their congratulations for the successful completion of this
program.
In the clean and joyful atmosphere
of today's program,
we respectfully bow and
introduce the Venerable Monk, Standing Committee Member
of the
Vietnam Buddhist Association's Social Council, Head of the Executive Board of the Vietnam Buddhist Association in
Soc Trang Province, Soc Trang,
Vietnam. We respectfully
introduce the
Venerable Thich Thien Phap, Standing Vice Chairman of the Executive Council, Head of the Central Control Board of the Vietnam Buddhist Association, Venerable Thich Thien Tam, Vice Chairman of the Executive
Council, in charge of the Southern
Theravada Buddhist Association,
Deputy Head of the Standing Committee of the
International Buddhist Affairs Board of the Central Vietnam Buddhist Association,
Center for Communication of Vietnam, and Venerable Dao Nhu,
Vice
Chairman of the Executive Council, Director of the
Khmer Theravada Buddhist Academy, Head of the Executive Board of the
Vietnam Buddhist Association in Can Tho City.
Station Post Can Tho Ranger Vietnam
Bugies Saga We
respectfully introduce Venerable Thich Tanh
Nhiep, Vice Chairman of the Executive Council, Vice
Head of the Central Sangha Affairs Committee of the
Vietnam Buddhist Association, embodying
Vietnamese Buddhism in Laos, Head of the Executive Board of the
Vietnam Buddhist Association of Quang Binh Province
in the Vietnam hoodie sunder command
series of Vietnamese
[music] [
music]
[laughter]
[music]
Central Union of the
Lao Buddhist Association [
music]
We respectfully introduce
Venerable Damage Sobana, Chairman of the
Central Executive Council of the Sri
Lankan Buddhist Association, President of all
Station We
respectfully introduce Venerable Salahanda,
Chairman of the Central Executive Council of the
Sri Lankan Buddhist Association,
President
We respectfully introduce
Venerable Sadado Panda, Tadagas, Myanmar
And besides that, we respectfully pay homage
and respectfully introduce the
presence of Venerable Monks from
Laos, Myanmar, Bhutan, Sri Lanka,
Thailand and many other countries who have come to participate in
today's program We
respectfully introduce
many Mouse
Mochael  Today's Bolly welcomes you, and
on behalf of the organizing committee,
we would like to respectfully introduce
Mr. Le Minh Khanh, Director of the Buddhist Affairs Department of the
Government's Religious Affairs Committee. We would like to respectfully
introduce Mr.
Le Minh Khanh
[music]
of the Religious Affairs Department of the Central Committee for
Mass Mobilization of Vietnam.
We would like to respectfully introduce
Ms. Mya Vy Anh, Japan,
Socialization of the National Assembly of the Lao People's Democratic Republic.
[music] We
would like to respectfully introduce Mr. Andtara
[music]
in Vietnam
[Applause]
Permanent Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the
Kingdom of Cambodia.
[music]
We would like to respectfully introduce
Mr.
Jarguardha Nguyen, Deputy Minister of Commerce and
Industry of Nepal, former President of the
Nepal Chamber of Commerce, Honorary Ambassador of Vietnam
to the Federal Democratic Republic of
Nepal.
We would like to respectfully introduce Mr.
Trang Lay, Deputy Director of the Foreign Affairs Department of the
Kingdom of Cambodia.
[music]
And we would like to respectfully introduce
Major General Sony Hanza Watch, former
Commander-in-Chief of the Central
Forensic Science Center of the Royal
Thai Police.
[music]  [Music]
We are honored to welcome Mr.
Maharaha, interim representative of the
Sri Lankan Embassy in Vietnam. We are also
pleased to introduce Mr. Kang,
cultural and educational representative of the Lao Embassy
in Vietnam.
[Music]
And alongside it, the organizing committee is also
very honored to welcome delegates
from countries around the world.
Once again, we warmly welcome
you
and our esteemed guests from the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
practicing the Six Harmonies. We are
pleased to introduce the presence
of Buddhist devotee Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan
Quan, head and leader of the
Buddhist clubs at Ba
Vang Pagoda. Please give a
big round of applause to warmly welcome her.
[Music]
Original live instruments
of Ba Vang favorder and
today we also
welcome the numerous Buddhist devotees from all directions
present at Ba Vang Pagoda
and those watching the program
online from all over the country and
countries and territories around the world.
Once again, please give a
big round of applause to warmly
welcome her.  Soon, a number
of people will be attending the training, both in person and online.
We respectfully address the Venerable Monks and Nuns, and the
esteemed Buddhist followers.
Following the program, the organizing committee
would like to invite Buddhist follower Pham Thi Yen, head of the
organizing committee, to the
stage to deliver the opening speech. We
respectfully invite
[music]
Namo Lumbini Garden, the
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to the Venerable
religious leaders at all levels of the Vietnam Buddhist Sangha, the Venerable elders, the Supreme Patriarchs, the
Supreme Patriarchs, and the Buddhist Sangha leaders of
countries around the world.
First of all, on behalf of the Buddhist followers of
Ba Vang Pagoda and the people of all
directions, we respectfully send our most respectful greetings to the Venerable
High Monks and all the Venerable Monks and
Nuns,
and wish them good health and well-being. We also send our best wishes for health and well-
being to the esteemed guests,
representatives of the Party and
government at all levels, former leaders of the world's Party and government, ambassadors from around the world
in Vietnam,
international delegations, and all the Buddhist followers
present at Ba
Vang Pagoda and from all over the country.
Countries and territories around the
world are watching live the
cultural program celebrating the Buddha's birthday,
Buddhist calendar
2567, Gregorian calendar
2023. Respectfully
addressing the Venerable
Monks and all esteemed guests, dear Dharma friends and companions,
going back in time 2600 years, on the full moon day of the
sacred Vesak month, a momentous
event occurred in the
Lumbini Garden of ancient India: the
birth of the
supreme Buddha, the compassionate and wise
Shakyamuni Buddha. He was a
unique being, an extraordinary person who
appeared in this world
for the benefit, happiness, enlightenment, and salvation
of all beings. How
fortunate that the Buddha was born! How fortunate
that the Dharma was taught! How fortunate that the four assemblies practiced together! Respectfully addressing the Venerable
Monks and all the
esteemed audience, throughout the
2600 years of history, in
any era and under any
circumstances, Buddhism has always fulfilled all
aspirations for peace, equality, and happiness
through its enlightened truth.
Therefore, the United Nations officially
recognizes and designates the Buddha's birthday
as a global religious festival, a day
dedicated to peace for humanity. Respectfully addressing the
Venerable Monks and all esteemed
guests, today, in the
joyful atmosphere of Buddhists across the five
continents
celebrating the anniversary of the Buddha's appearance
in the world, we Buddhists have organized this
cultural performance to praise
His noble virtues. And out of compassion, the
Venerable Monks, Nuns,
and esteemed guests have graced this occasion with their
presence. This is a great encouragement for
us Buddhists. We respectfully
wish the Venerable Monks, Nuns, and all esteemed guests, the
Venerable Monks, and all esteemed guests, to always be diligent,
peaceful, and auspicious in all things.
[Applause] International
defection and everyone
everywhere in Vietnam and in the world who are watching. Rose to a thousand seconds
on the food for
equality of the world. For this reason, the United Nations of global record and the Days of Global... At this moment, we sincerely respectfully invite the Venerable Monks...  The Venerable Abbot and all the esteemed
monks and nuns are pleased to witness
and allow our cultural program
to officially begin.
[Applause]
Once again, the organizing committee would like to express our sincere
gratitude to Buddhist devotee Pham Thi Yen for
her seven very meaningful and profound speeches. We
invite all Buddhist devotees to be seated.
[Music]
We respectfully address the Venerable Monks and Nuns.
Dear esteemed guests, today we are
extremely happy and joyful to
welcome the presence of the Venerable Monks and
Nuns, distinguished guests from both within and outside the
country, to attend the Buddha's Birthday celebration at Ba Vang Pagoda.
And now, we
respectfully offer our respects to you
all. Please enjoy the
medley of melodies celebrating Buddha's Birthday
performed by the National Band.
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
on you
[Applause] [
Music] [
Applause] [
Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [Applause] [Applause]  [
hands]
[music]
[Applause] [music]
[Applause] [music] [Applause] [music] [Applause] [music] [Applause] [music] [Applause] [
music] [Applause] [music] [Applause] [music] [Applause] [music] [Applause] [
music] [
Applause] [music] [
Applause] [music] [Applause] [music] [Laughter] [music
] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [Applause] [music] [Applause] [music
] [
A bigger round of applause
for our National Emblem band
[music]
We respectfully address all Venerable Monks and Nuns, and all the great assembly. In the
penultimate eon in the Tushita
heaven, with compassion and mercy for all beings,
Bodhisattva Protector of Light observed humanity and
chose parents and the National Kingdom.  And the
appropriate conditions for the birth
[music]
were conditioned,
Prince Siddhartha was born amidst the
joy of all beings in all
realms, as if enlightened from the
dark night of ignorance. His birth
marked the first milestone in the last life
before becoming the fully enlightened
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Nice
to experience
hispur, the first Monster
One.
That is also the content conveyed by the
following song about the Buddha's birth, composed by musician
Vu Trong Phuong, performed by singer Hoang Son
and the dance troupe Anh Duong Bien Dao Ngoc
Linh. Please enjoy
the intro
[music]
In the highest heaven, the
Bodhisattva observes humanity,
seeing the suffering of
beings, seeing the delusion and
suffering.
[music] The
Bodhisattva is not at peace, deciding to
use his clairvoyance to observe the human world. The
Bodhisattva chose to be born
into the lineage of the Kshatriya king, his father is the King of
Purgatory, the
Queen is a demon.
[music] The
Queen appears, a good omen,
not a bad one. The ivory enters the side of the Bodhisattva,
remembering me.  The Bodhisattva entered my
body, the earth trembled, the earth trembled. The
Bodhisattva received the womb, the Bodhisattva mistakenly
forgave
him.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] The
Bodhisattva's hands and feet, the Bodhisattva's feet, the queen's feet, the lotus, the
queen's birth, always cool, gentle, joyful,
loving when giving birth, the
queen's birth, on the way back to her maternal home, the
forest dweller, Vô Ưu, gave birth to the Bodhisattva Siddhartha.
[Music] The dragon sprayed water, bathing the prince, the money, the singing, teaching them to offer, the pink lotus, raising the seven steps of the Thiều. [Music]
[Applause]
[Music] The
earth is dedicated when he declares
heaven, the world, the only one, the supreme Buddha
Shakyamuni. The Buddha Shakyamuni saves sentient beings,
relieves suffering for all beings
everywhere, human and heavenly kings rejoice, offering to the Buddha. Sentient beings
everywhere, human and
heavenly, rejoice. The Buddha's birth, the
Buddha Shakyamuni saves sentient beings,
relieves suffering for all beings everywhere,
human and heavenly, joy in offering to the Buddha. Sentient
beings everywhere, human and heavenly, rejoice. The
Buddha's
birth,
[Music]
[Applause]
Yes, a very big round of applause.
Dedicated to the singers, actors, and
talented members of Ba
Vang Pagoda who have brought us a truly
meaningful performance expressing the gratitude
of Buddhist followers to the
Buddha. Once again, we respectfully thank
our singers and actors.
We respectfully address the Venerable Monks and Nuns
and the entire congregation. The Buddha's birth
is a rare and precious event, like
a wondrous flower blooming only once a year. On
the moment of his birth, Brahma and the gods
in the 3000 realms rejoice,
birds sing sweetly, and flowers display their
vibrant colors, celebrating the day the Great Buddha descended to
earth. To share in the joy and celebrate this joyous occasion
today, we invite the
entire congregation to enjoy the song "
April, Ten Thousand Beings Celebrating the
Buddha's Birth," composed by musician
Vu Trong Phuong, performed by the runner-up of The
Voice and Play, along with the Athena dance troupe and the
talented members of Ba Vang Pagoda, including Khanh
Ly and Phuong Nhu. Please
enjoy this
beautiful music.
After the
music,
I
will leave
early. Buddhists from all over the world will join together.
Buddhist devotees from all five continents together
carry flower floats, together joyfully sing and dance to
celebrate the Buddha's Birthday
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
Together, far apart, Buddhist devotees from all five
continents together carry flower floats, together
joyfully sing and dance to celebrate the Buddha's Birthday
[Music]
[Applause]
Thank you to the singers and actors who brought such a lively
atmosphere to the program,
celebrating the birth of the Buddha.
We respectfully thank you
[Music]
We respectfully address the
Venerable Monks and Nuns, and
all the great assembly. The birth of the Buddha
is a rare and auspicious event, a source of
happiness for all beings.
Without his birth,
his great vow to save sentient beings, and the immortal Dharma
he attained, perhaps we would still be
immersed in ignorance, suffering, and damnation
without escape. To commemorate the
great grace of the Holy Buddha,
we invite the assembly to enjoy a
medley of songs celebrating the
Buddha's Birthday.  The Buddha's birth and the
salvation of the world, please, dear assembly, dedicate
a moment to
welcome our singers and actors
[music] [
Applause] [music] [Applause] [music] [
Applause] [
music] [
Applause]
[music]
Love without delusion, it's hard to extinguish the embers,
now it's broken, so much to discard, what
a saversity
[music]
of
behind, why
[music] [music] [music]
[music]
[Applause]
[music] I
now respectfully worship the Buddha, learning from the
gods, this mind when just born, flying away, father,
turn off the red light, oh
[music] [Applause] [music] [Applause] [music] [music]
[music] [
Applause
]
[music] [music]
[Applause]
[music]
Commemorating the Buddha's birth, we
follow in his footsteps, many celebrating the
Buddha's birth, Bodhisattva Siddhartha
in the Three Realms, continuing to create merit, flying pain,
Bodhi  Towards the final life, when the pure
white lotus flower lifts the heels
[music]
Following the Footsteps of the Pure Heart, we
rejoice in the birth of the Buddha
Bodhisattva
[music]
[Applause]
towards the East, leading all beings towards the South,
cultivating
merit everywhere, human and heavenly, the fragrance towards the
West, knowing the ultimate
Bodhisattva path, heading towards the clouds
in this life, that is,
transcending.
Following the Footsteps of the Pure Heart, we
rejoice in the Buddha's
birth, the Bodhisattva, pointing to the
heavens as the place of return to nature, after
poverty, with one hand pointing, in a moment of peace, the
lineage of the immortal master, the Supreme Heaven, the Upper Heaven, the Lower Heaven, the One and Only,
from the water, oh,
that water, one heart, one time, pain,
seen from
[music]
here
commemorating the day of the Buddha's birth, we follow in
each step, rejoicing in the birth of the Buddha Bodhisattva Siddhartha, who
has increased merit in this life, the
pain of Bodhi reaching the final life, when the pure
white lotus flower lifts the heels [music] Following the Footsteps of the Pure Heart, we rejoice in the Buddha's birth, the pure white lotus flower lifts the heels
[music]
Following the Footsteps of the Pure Heart, we
rejoice in the Buddha's
birth, the Bodhisattva returning
to the East  The East guides us,
leading us towards the East, cultivating
blessings, singing in the realm of humanity and
heaven, towards the West, the final destination, practicing the
Bodhisattva path, always towards the North
in this lifetime.
Following the footsteps of the Pure Heart, we
rejoice greatly. The Buddha has found
Bodhisattvas, pointing to the heavens, making the noble celestial beings and the wicked one, with
one hand, deeply blessed with peace and prosperity. The lineage of immortal
lions, the love of the world, the sole supreme being,
from the void, no one, that stream of water,
once a year, dissolves its divine essence, from
before to the house, the chrysanthemum
[music]
following the direction of the heavens, our heart rejoices,
we respectfully
celebrate the winter day, the destiny is
not yet fulfilled. The flowing music, the long flowers, offerings, the city, the
people sing and rejoice,
understanding the footsteps of the
Sangha, we love and rejoice, we celebrate
the day of the Buddha
[music]
[Applause] [music] [Applause]
The land of the World Honored One is  The sun shines,
dispelling the dark night, erasing the sword of
suffering. The Buddha,
his love encompasses all beings.
Like the Buddha, from the beginning of all existence, who can save
humanity? No one but the Buddha himself.
But I am sinking in a
car, alone, I am progressing through suffering.
Each generation erases, I thank you for a
little while, stopping everything on the
world's highest staircase.
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause
]
[Applause]
[Music] It's
all over, bringing back a richer
life. I mistakenly believe that from a fresh morning,
a love affair. I walk on the bridge
hoping for the first pendulum, waiting for the first
purple tears to be
chopped up. Oh,
how I sink into darkness, alone, searching for
suffering,
unable to call out, but throughout eternity, why do
I go back with each rain shower? A
love story, Van Xuan. I hope, my dear.
[Music]
Those lives
[Applause] [Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
have meaning. Just now, like the
brilliant fireworks in the city of Dang Son.
Today marks the conclusion of our
program. We, the organizing committee,
sincerely thank the
Venerable Monks, distinguished guests,
and the people for their presence and participation. We
extend our deepest gratitude to Buddhist devotee Pham
Thi Yen (Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan Quan)
and all the singers, artists, and musicians who brought such
unique and meaningful performances to the program.
Pham Thi Yen and over today.
In organizing this program, we acknowledge that there may have been some
shortcomings. We
respectfully ask for the understanding and forgiveness of the Venerable Monks,
distinguished guests, and Buddhist people. We wish everyone a
blessed and meaningful Vesak season. We
look forward to seeing you again at the grand
Vesak celebration and inauguration of the
world's largest mountain lecture hall
tomorrow, April 3rd,
2023 (May 21st, 2023). The
program will be broadcast live on
YouTube,
Ba Vang Temple,
and An Vien Television.
See You Again!  In the
problem, the
Rainy Three and the in ouration of
the world, Big Gates of Mountain Bories,
National Jack in Rejoice 223,
the livestream
[music]
today, as well as
our sincere gratitude, always shines brightly for the
Buddha, for the Venerable Monks and Nuns who have graced us with their presence
in
today's program. Once again, we
respectfully express our gratitude and appreciation to
you all. Now, we respectfully invite
you all to join us in expressing our gratitude.
Through the song "Joyful to the Birth of the Buddha," we
respectfully thank and express our gratitude to you all.
Let's all sing together the song "Joyful to the
Birth of the Buddha" to express our gratitude
to the Venerable Monks and Nuns who have graced us with their
presence today,
and to bid you farewell.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] Let's all raise our flags and
flowers!
[Music]
Long road, oh, I'm just joking,
but in the city, the end of the pregnancy,
the end of the pregnancy, the distant fate,
joyful words, the Dharma, the long road, the
end of the monk's hand.  Yellow flowers,
fragrant flowers, riddles, fun,
fun, really, the life of a Dharma teacher, a
long road. How joyful the heart of the monk,
rose dust flying, joyful, flying far away from life. Bui Thanh,
Dharma Wheel, I change, crossing the shore of
fresh roses.
[Music]
robes raised, the person changes.
[Music] [
Music]
Joyful youth, many generations joyful, there is a garden of sorrowful joy.
Sacred heart, harmony, harmony, autumn. How joyful, how
joyful, the fate far from life. Oh, Teacher
Pham, Pham's path, joyful, Tam Hoa. The level and the change, the
fate changes, the person can change, can live,
one more gentle summer day, today still far from
life, can build, can see, can
live, one more summer day.
[Music] [Music]
[Music]